docs(animations): improve the aio animations introduction (#42885)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/transition-and-triggers.md

### Using wildcard state with multiple transition states

In the two-state button example, the wildcard isn't that useful because there are only two possible states, `open` and `closed`.

> Wildcard states are more useful when an element in one particular state has multiple potential states that it can change to.

Author: better seems a pretty ambiguous term here, how are they better? do they change?

Reviewer: Maybe:

`Wildcard state can help you when an element...`

Reviewer: How about: 

"Use wildcard states when an element in one particular state has multiple potential states that it can change to."

Puts more of the focus on the user than the feature.

Author: The problem is that your latest sentence doesn't follow what the previous sentence says,
how about: 
```
In general you use wildcard states when an element in one particular state has multiple potential states that it can change to.
```

so that we get:
```
In the two-state button example, the wildcard isn't that useful because there are only two possible states, `open` and `closed`.
In general you use wildcard states when an element in one particular state has multiple potential states that it can change to.
```

?

Reviewer: Sounds good. Just one small change:

`In general, use wildcard states when an element in one particular state has multiple potential states that it can change to.`

</div>

> Let's now add a new behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new behavior:
```

<div class="alert is-helpful">

> **Note:** The following example uses `query()` and `stagger()` methods, which are discussed in the [complex sequences](guide/complex-animation-sequences#complex-sequence) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The following example uses `query()` and `stagger()` methods. For more information on these methods, see the [complex sequences](guide/complex-animation-sequences#complex-sequence) page.
```

<code-example path="animations/src/app/open-close.component.2.html" header="src/app/open-close.component.html" region="trigger-boolean">
</code-example>

> In the code snippet above, the HTML template binds a `<div>` element to a trigger named `openClose` with a status expression of `isOpen`, and with possible values of `true` and `false`. This is an alternative to the practice of creating two named states like `open` and `close`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the code snippet above, the HTML template binds a `<div>` element to a trigger named `openClose` with a status expression of `isOpen`, and with possible values of `true` and `false`. This pattern is an alternative to the practice of creating two named states like `open` and `close`.
```

> In the component code, inside the `@Component` metadata under the `animations:` property, when the state evaluates to `true` (meaning "open" here), the associated HTML element's height is a wildcard style or default. In this case, the animation uses whatever height the element already had before the animation started. When the element is "closed", it gets animated to a height of 0, which makes it invisible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the component code, inside the `@Component` metadata under the `animations:` property, when the state evaluates to `true` (meaning "open" here), the associated HTML element's height is a wildcard style or default. In this case, the animation uses whatever height the element already had before the animation started. When the element is "closed", the element gets animated to a height of 0, which makes it invisible.
```

* A parent animation can use the [`query()`](api/animations/query) function to collect inner elements located in disabled areas of the HTML template.
Those elements can still animate.

> * A sub-animation can be queried by a parent and then later animated with the `animateChild()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A sub-animation can be queried by a parent and then later animated with the `animateChild()` function.
```

Do we need a new term, sub-animation? Could we just refer to this as a secondary animation or a child animation?

Author: mh... I'd imagine that we could go with `secondary animation`, it does sound better, doesn't it? :slightly_smiling_face: 

I guess I would personally not go with a `child animation` since that can be more open to interpretation and/or be more confusing (like that to me could sound like a specific concept in the angular animations package or something... :thinking: )

Reviewer: In general, I prefer to avoid introducing new terms. I think `child animation` works, because you already refer to the parent animation in the previous paragraph.

Author: mh... the more I am thinking of it the more "child animation" is actually growing on me :sweat_smile::+1:

<code-example path="animations/src/app/open-close.component.ts" header="src/app/open-close.component.ts" region="events1" language="typescript"></code-example>

> In the HTML template, the animation event is passed back via `$event`, as `@triggerName.start` and `@triggerName.done`, where `triggerName` is the name of the trigger being used.

Author: if we used `trigger` as the name, the word would be considered a link to the animation trigger function is just wrong and confusing:
![Screenshot at 2021-07-17 23-44-07](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61631103/126050962-24d81212-69af-480d-96d8-a6c22804d94b.png)

___

Besides that, we already use the term `triggerName` in the first page of the guide ([link](http://localhost:4200/guide/animations#defining-animations-and-attaching-them-to-the-html-template)):
![Screenshot at 2021-07-17 23-45-18](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61631103/126050989-783ae6a7-d1dd-4088-963c-72901ab07d44.png)
so using it here is also more consistent
